README.md, before:

# library_system
A library system to keep track of books and users

06.03.2024 the start of the project.

14.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v1.0

Functionalities and features:
- Add new books to the library
- Register new users
- Check out a book for a user
- Return a book from the user
- Display the latest information about the library (registered users and books)
- Saves the changes done during execution to a file
- Reads the latest library data from the file

27.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v1.1
- Bugfix: removed forgetten debug print
- Bugfix: program crash after adding a new book

31.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v2.0
- A graphical user interface added, along with many GUI functionalities

06.04.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v2.1

New features and improvements added:
- New feature: Users and books in the library system now can be removed from the database.
- New feature: Add/register dialog boxes now has multiple add/register option.
- New feature: Inputs for check out/return actions now automatically provided upon row selection on the book/user table.
- QoL improvement: Check out/Return buttons are now disabled until proper input provided.
- QoL improvement: Inputs for check out/return actions now have auto completer upon typing on line edits.
- QoL improvement: Switching between book list and user list is possible upon tab selection.

Commit message:

readme updated, an unused function in MainWindow class removed

README.md, after:

# library_system
A library system to keep track of books and users
This project features OOP concepts utilizing abstract class, virtual function, function overriding, function overloading, access specifiers,
and also uitilizes File I/O, as well as some newer C++ features up to C++14 such as STL, smart pointers, ranged loops, auto keyword, nullptr,
and also uitilizes QT framework including multiple UIs

06.03.2024 the start of the project.

14.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v1.0

Functionalities and features:
- Add new books to the library
- Register new users
- Check out a book for a user
- Return a book from the user
- Display the latest information about the library (registered users and books)
- Saves the changes done during execution to a file
- Reads the latest library data from the file

27.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v1.1
- Bugfix: removed forgetten debug print
- Bugfix: program crash after adding a new book

31.03.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v2.0
- A graphical user interface added, along with many GUI functionalities

06.04.2024 the release of Library System Terminal Application v2.1

New features and improvements added:
- New feature: Users and books in the library system now can be removed from the database.
- New feature: Add/register dialog boxes now has multiple add/register option.
- New feature: Inputs for check out/return actions now automatically provided upon row selection on the book/user table.
- QoL improvement: Check out/Return buttons are now disabled until proper input provided.
- QoL improvement: Inputs for check out/return actions now have auto completer upon typing on line edits.
- QoL improvement: Switching between book list and user list is possible upon tab selection.
